Hi guys and welcome back to my channel.
My name is Michaela and today I want to
talk about how my channel got hacked,
how I got it back and how you can
regulate your nervous system if any
turbulences in life happened. Let's get
right into this. So, first of all, yes,
I got hacked and my channel has been
completely removed for a while. How all
of that happened was that I received an
email from Adobe. It stated it was for a
collaboration request and I should
verify that this is actually my YouTube
channel. So naive me was thinking, "Oh,
that's amazing. That's an opportunity. I
signed up and verified my account by
logging into my Google account." And
just within 20 minutes, they managed to
log into my Google account, logged me
out everywhere, and then took over my
YouTube channel. I saw it all happen at
3:00 a.m. in the morning. And after 10
minutes, my channel was completely gone.
Even though I can talk about it right
now easily and not having any hard
feelings towards it because obviously I
have the channel back. But to be honest,
in the moment I was not feeling great. I
got a little panic attack. I started
crying. But I knew also that if I'm now
getting into this emotional reaction to
what happened, the hijack, I will not
find any solution. You probably notice
whenever something happens in your life
that should not happen, that is
unfortunate, some turbulences, something
unexpected. Usually when we get into
these emotions of fear, anger,
frustration, we are full of emotions. We
might cry, get super angry, shout, etc.
But we are also not able to think
clearly, right? And when you're not able
to think clearly, you're also not going
to find solutions. And usually you make
it even worse. I knew if I'm not being
calm right now, if I'm not staying put,
trying to regulate my nervous system, I
will not get my channel back. I probably
make it even worse and risk to never get
it back again. And obviously, like I put
a lot of effort into my YouTube channel.
It's my dream to be a big YouTuber, to
earn a lot of money from YouTube. So I
was sitting there trying to regulate my
nervous system. What I did was first
cry. Yes. I let my tears roll down my
face. Then I took a deep breath and I
was asking myself, okay, logically what
can I do right now? Because ultimately
no matter what happens in your life, is
it a hijacking, god forbid, robbery, a
breakup, you lose your job, whatever
happens in your life is first and
foremost something that already
happened. Okay? Once something happened,
you have no power to change it anymore.
You have only power of the steps going
forward. What are you going to do next?
Right? You cannot change the past, but
you can change what's coming next. And
second, most of the time, I would say
all the time, everything that happens in
our life, even the worst moments are
happening for a reason and are an
opportunity for us to create, change, do
something better and make something out
of it. Now, what I did was asking
myself, what should this tell me? My
first initial thought was maybe
I should forget about this channel and
let go of it. Maybe it's not meant to
be. I already started a new channel a
few weeks before and I saw it as almost
a sign that okay, even though I put a
lot of effort, emotions, time, and
intention into this channel, I was ready
to let it go. That's a very very good
way to go through whatever you're going
through because whenever you're in a
situation you're about to lose something
you love or lose something you're used
to if you manage to accept the loss of
it as soon as possible. Most of the time
that's the exact reason why you get it
back. As you might have heard,
everything you let go of will come to
you automatically unless it's not meant
for you. Now, if you are in a mental
state of okay, I'm I'm letting go of it.
I'm fine with it, but I'm also fine
without it. I'm not forcing anything.
I'm not forcing to get my channel back
right now. I'm not forcing to get back
into this relationship. I'm not forcing
to keep my job. I'm not forcing to stay
in a country. And if it stays that way,
great. But if it's not, then great as
well. I have enough confidence in myself
and trust in life that I know if it's
not meant to be with me, I let it go. I
keep the door open for whatever wants to
leave. In my case, I was ready to let it
go. I finally was able to think clearly
again. And I remembered I was still
logged in on my other iPad where they
had not logged me out yet. I didn't know
why, but I felt like, okay, let's just
do damage control. Let's check what's in
there. Screenshot all the emails. And I
only had about 3 minutes because they
even locked me out from this iPad. It
was 4:00 a.m. by then. And all I could
think about was,
I need my beauty sleep. I need to wake
up tomorrow, do something with my life.
No solutions will be found today. So I
went to sleep and the next day I was
trying to find solutions, but not in a
way that I was really overwhelmed by it.
Not in a way that I was forcing it, not
in a way that I was super emotional
about it. I was kind of unbothered by
it. I was already having my mind made up
that this channel is probably going to
be gone forever. And I was focusing on
what can I do for my new channel and how
can I focus more on my Instagram. Then I
was talking to my friends about it. I
explained what happened. Everyone was
offering me help. I should send an email
here. I should send a message on
YouTube, Twitter. And I was thinking,
okay, I will see what are the options. I
was contacting lawyers to know what are
the chances to get this channel back
because I truly thought this is
impossible. What helps me when I'm going
through difficult times in life, when
things happen that are unfortunate or
bad or simply unexpected, I'm always
trying to see what it should tell me. I
might interpret things, but this is the
only way I can get through things
without letting the emotions overwhelm
me. And then I saw this as an
opportunity to focus on my new YouTube
account. And ultimately, I think if you
go through life with the mindset of
okay, what should this tell me? Anything
that seems to be bad cannot be that bad.
It's preparing us for something, right?
Whenever you go through challenges, it's
the part of going through the challenge
that teaches you more than not going
through the challenge would ever teach
you. Challenges, difficulties, mistakes,
all of these not so nice things, not so
comfortable things are actually the
situations that make us grow the most.
And that's why the ultimate hug in life
is if you can manage to go through
whatever life throws at you, whatever
life presents at you with your chin up,
chest up, and look at it as an
opportunity for you to become a better
version, to step into the version you
should be. Now, you will be thinking,
okay, but it's not always that easy.
Sometimes you just cannot get your
mindset the right way so quickly.
Sometimes you just cannot regulate your
nervous system. And I get that
especially when we are traumatized by
things and old triggers are coming up.
It's not so easy and so quick to
regulate your nervous system. But there
are certain steps that always help me.
First, what I said before to see the
opportunity in it. When you can't do
that, focus on something else. If you're
focusing on the bad thing, the bad
outcome, that's where your energy and
attention flows. And that's also what
grows. The more you focus on the
problem, the bigger the problem will
become. For example, when I was going
through my breakup, which was very very
painful for me, where I was not able to
quickly regulate my nervous system, I
focused on other things like doing yoga,
getting out, taking some sunlight on my
skin, reading books. I started reading a
lot of books and I can really recommend
you The Mountain is You. It changed my
whole mindset around life. How you can
overcome self-sabotage. What also helps
me if I'm super angry or I feel like
there is some energy stuck. I go to the
gym and I do highintensive workouts. Not
long, maybe just 10 minutes, but I do
squat jumps. I do sprints. I do
something quickly to get out this
energy. What else helps me is to talk to
my friends. To be honest, I was never
really aware of how important female
friends are. But female friends can
regulate our nervous system when we
can't. I think it's important that these
are friends, not family members, because
they are always biased. They are always
more worrying about us. But our friends
usually understand us from a very very
different standpoint and can help us in
such a different way and such a
different perspective. So if you have
some female friends, nurture those
because
the moments you feel the worst talk to
them. These will be the people that will
regulate your nervous system when you
can't. Another thing I like to do is to
go for very long walks. I like to walk a
lot, especially with some headphones,
earphones, headphones, earpods, whatever
the name is. Put some music in your ears
and just walk, walk, walk, walk, walk
until you feel like you walked out your
emotions. And the next thing you can do
is to create something out of that
situation.
Whenever something comes in your life
that seems to be very difficult, that
seems to be impossible to overcome,
impossible to be happy afterwards, it is
an opportunity to create something. It
is an opportunity to change something in
your life. And of course, as a content
creator, as someone like me who does
videos on the internet, it's probably
more easy said than done for others
because what I do is simply talk in
front of the camera about my life, about
what I learn through the challenge that
I'm going through or which challenge I
am going through at the moment. But if
you do not want to speak in front of the
camera, if you do not want to create
videos of it, you can for example take a
blank canvas and draw. You can take a
piece of paper and write. That's all
creating. You can create a dance. The
art of creation is so big and it goes
from two. What I can recommend to you is
simply try to create something out of
your situation. But believe me, if you
share it to other people, it's going to
help other people to go through the same
challenge. And you will be rewarded in
life. You will be rewarded with
something greater than you can ever
imagine because you show up because you
bring your challenges. You bring your
light into this world and you help other
people to do the same. You're inspiring
others to share their struggles, to
share their light because you share
yours. Another thing I can recommend you
is to focus on one thing only. Do not
spread your attention to so many
different things. Focus on one thing
only. If it is reading, focus on one
book only. If it is yoga or doing some
sports, focus on one kind of sports
only. Usually through the process, you
will anyways get into other things or
you will be led by life into something
else. But if you're spreading your
attention into too many things, you
cannot really let your energy and
attention go into that one thing. If
that makes sense to you. So for example,
when I was in the situation where I
didn't know how to pay for my apartment
and I was really struggling with money,
I was focusing on one thing only. I was
focusing on creating income through my
Instagram. While I was trying to sell my
one-on-one coachings, I realized this is
not something I like to do. This is not
something that makes me feel joy. And
through the process of realizing that,
through the process of trying, making
mistakes, doing new things, I realized
why am I not creating ebooks from that
knowledge that I have, I do not have to
talk to people oneonone in front of the
camera. I can still monetize my
knowledge with something. And I started
creating my ebooks. Ultimately, this was
ending up to make me even more income
that I could ever imagine. Another thing
I always do is to change what I talk
about. I change the words I use. In the
beginning when my hijack happened, I
said, "Oh my god, my account got hacked.
I'm trying to resolve it. I'm trying to
get it back." But with using these
words, I was reinforcing that I'm not
getting it back. Trying is something it
might happens, but probably it won't,
right? If I'm trying to do more sports,
I'm not doing more sports. It's not a
decision. It's not something that's
actually going to happen. Now, what I
changed was then to say, I'm working on
getting back my channel. I'm getting my
channel back soon. And just in case, if
not, I already have a plan. One of my
videos that I shared on my other
channel, I said, I'm working on getting
back my channel and it is coming back.
So I kept reinforcing the reality that I
want to have that I would like to see
with my words. Choose your words wisely
because you create your reality with the
emotions you feel and the words you use
and both of it you can choose
consciously. The next thing I focused on
was to make myself feel good. I removed
all my attention from YouTube for a
week. I did not film any YouTube video
and I simply focused on how do I feel?
What can I do to make myself feel good?
I went sunbuffing to the sauna. I met my
girls. I went to good restaurants, drunk
my matcha, recorded a few videos for
Instagram, and simply shifted my focus
to things that made me feel good. Why?
Because your reality is always a
reflection of how you feel and the words
you use. Now, if you want to feel good
about something, if you want to have an
outcome that will make you feel good,
you first need to feel good to have that
outcome. Now, another very important tip
I can give you is to not talk about it
too often and not talk about the problem
or what has happened in general to the
wrong people. what happened to me. I was
contacting different lawyers and sharing
my experience, sharing what has happened
to my channel to get some information of
how likely it is to get back my channel.
One of these lawyers started the process
of getting my channel back without my
consent and without my knowing. When I
contacted YouTube and I started the
whole recovery process, they said at
some point they cannot continue with me
because there is already someone in my
name recovering my channel. Now at that
point it was really really difficult to
prove that I am me and that I am the
only owner of my channel. Of course,
this lawyer tried to get a lot of money
and he was using my situation to his
benefit. That's why whenever you are in
a difficult situation, whenever things
happen, be careful with who you share it
and how much information you share
because many many people do not want the
best for you. Many many people are very
very egoistic and would use your
situation, your problems for their
benefit. Luckily, I was able to prove to
YouTube that I did not give any consent
to this lawyer and I was able to start
the whole process from scratch again by
myself. The learning process for me was
to not share too much information and be
careful with who I share the
information. Take that as a teaching
also for you. If you're a girly that
likes to share a lot, that likes to be
open and has a bit of a
naive way of being sometimes. Be
careful. The evil eye also exists. And
that's also the reason why I did not
share on my social media that my account
was hacked until I knew it's getting
resolved, until I knew there is a
solution. because many people do not
want the best for you. Now, if you're
curious how the process exactly went, I
had to fill out a form for YouTube with
all information. If you have a YouTube
channel, know what kind of videos you
post, what kind of content you do, what
you talked about in your last video,
when you shared the last video, many,
many different details. After that, it
took a while. I got a link where I could
reset my password to my Gmail account. I
obviously had to change all my two
factor authentication and passwords. And
that's it. I'm back on YouTube with my
OG channel. Anyways guys, do not let
anything in life bring you down. We are
here to experience this life and this is
a beautiful life if we choose to see it
as such. Thank you so much for watching.
I love you so much and I see you in my
next video. Bye-bye.